[GG-2629] Implement login api (#18)
sshalu12/geovisualizer: README.md

3. Run `npm start`

# Flask Server

> 1. To Run the flask server run command `make run-api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To Run the flask server run command `make run-api` in another terminal.
```

> 2. web page will be accessible at port number 1000 and at this url http://localhost:1000/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Server will be accessible at this url http://localhost:1000/ 
```
